I wanna do bad things with you
everyone thank you for watching it's
really hard to talk in these things so
I'm going to keep this intro nice and
short I saw a lot of you guys were
requesting a sexy scary vampire look and
I know for some of you this is not going
to be scary at all but I think this is
the perfect amount of sexy and scary so
if you guys are being a vampire this
year I hope this tutorial helps and if
you want to learn how to get it please
keep watching the first color I'm using
from the take me to Brazil BH palette
I'm picking up this shimmery red color
and I'm gonna be applying this all over
my entire eyelid and the reason I
already have my lashes on is because the
first time I decided to record my entire
eye makeup look it wasn't on record
next I'm picking up this shimmery brown
color and I'm gonna be applying this
right into the crease of my eye also
blending it up towards my eyebrow
next with my pencil brush I'm picking up
this black color and I'm gonna be
applying this in the outer V and I'm
going to be blending it in towards the
red on my lid and also blending it up
into my crease
you
taking my blending brush in a little bit
of the black I'm going to be blending
out when I had just done with the pencil
brush next I'm just going to be lining
my eyes with my usual black gel liner
from BH Cosmetics
picking up this white color I'm just
gonna be applying this right into the
tear duct of my eye and also underneath
my brow
I'm grabbing that same red color and I'm
just gonna be lining my lower lash line
they're gonna be applying glitter to
make this thick I'm using fix+ by Mac
and some loose glitter and I'm just
gonna be applying this right over the
red on my eyelid
since vampires are known for being super
pale I'm taking this white color from
this paint palette and I'm gonna be
applying this wherever I would normally
apply my concealer all underneath my
eyes on my nose on my chin just
lightening up my whole face
taking that same read with my blending
brush and I'm just gonna be blending out
my lower line let's break away from what
we know just say the word just say go no
bad time now to make a move let's find a
place to leave our shoes among stars
they have no use we're not with you when
I'm with you I feel so weightless let's
oh where we now
let's dream
making one
less
let's break away from where we've been
let's raise sail and chase the wind do
all things we always wanna see you will
see how d-dear she goes
and to be unknown when I
I feel so weightless
bless my
where we met
let's G
and make good
some
while we may go now we may go that's why
we're we're certain let's go where we've
never gone that stream while he never
died and make her wither yc1